Now that we've split the code up to fit the MVC pattern, we can organize it a bit better.
Let's start by creating some folders to organize the models and controllers.
We'll deal with the views in a moment.
First, let's create an src or source folder.
It's standard practice to store PHP classes inside a source folder like this.
Inside this folder, let's create a folder for models and one for controllers.
Now we can move the model class file into the models folder and the controller class file into the controllers
folder.
However, unless our application is very small, we're going to have more than one controller and more
than one model.
So we need names better than controller and model.
Let's start with the model, as the code in here is getting data about products.
We'll rename it to product dot php.
In the PHP.
Inside this file we'll rename the class to product again, making sure the class name starts with a
capital letter to follow the coding standard.
Quite often, but not always.
A model class corresponds directly to a database table.
As for the controller, as this is dealing with products, we'll rename it to products dot PHP.
We'll also rename the class accordingly.
Note that the model name is singular and the controller name is plural.
This is the convention.
While we're in the controller, we can see that we're using the model first, requiring the file where
the class is defined.
This path has changed now, so we need to change this line where we require the file, and also where
we create a new object as the class name has also changed.
Then in the index dot php file where we're requiring the controller file, this path has also changed.
So let's change this line.
And also where we create a new object as the class name has changed.
In the browser.
It still works as before.
Unlike the model and controller, views don't contain pure PHP code.
They're more likely to contain HTML too, so we won't store these inside the source folder.
Instead, let's create a folder for views at the same level as the source folder.
As with the controllers and models view, PHP is an unsuitable file name as we'll very soon have more
than one.
The view file is being loaded from the index action here in the products controller.
So let's rename the view file to products index dot PHP and at the same time move it into the new views
folder.
Then in the product controller class we can change this require line to the new path of the view file.
A quick check in the browser to make sure we haven't broken anything, and it still works as before.
So in this section, we've split up a single page PHP file into a model, a view and a controller,
and organized these into folders.
These are the beginnings of our framework.
